Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey there.
Kathy Robinson: Can you hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Hi, Kathy. I'm so sorry.
Kathy Robinson: It's okay. I just had another teleconference with my counselor, an open door, Tony.
Kathy Robinson: Uh huh. So I had to go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I apologize. I was just in a crisis session. And I just couldn't fall out. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you for your patience.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure, very much. This won't take us very long. I just have to do a bio psychosocial with you and ask you a little bit of your history.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What brings you first question is, what brings you to bright heart.
Kathy Robinson: Well,
Kathy Robinson: Dr groves left open doors so everything was turned over the brighter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Guy yeah okay and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The reason. Do you have a history of addiction.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Can you tell me a little bit about it age of first us what it was and how it progressed to this point today.
Kathy Robinson: Well, when I was
Kathy Robinson: Like
Kathy Robinson: Oh geez probably
Kathy Robinson: 1415 I started doing cross tops.
Kathy Robinson: And then
Kathy Robinson: diet pills with my aunt and things like that and then smoking pot in high school and do an acid on the weekends and
Kathy Robinson: Just about anything like that.
Kathy Robinson: And then drinking
Kathy Robinson: And then
Kathy Robinson: I know I was I just always took something
Kathy Robinson: Right, something
Kathy Robinson: And then I was in a car wreck in 9093
Kathy Robinson: And got messed up pretty bad. And then I was put on oxy cotton and muscle relaxers and Xanax and things so
Kathy Robinson: Went from there until I finally
Kathy Robinson: Got ran out of doctors and Dr. Pearson turned me over to Tony
Kathy Robinson: At
Kathy Robinson: The clinic here in town that open door.
Kathy Robinson: To join or group.
Kathy Robinson: Suboxone group.
Kathy Robinson: Mm hmm. So I've been there are
Kathy Robinson: There 39 minutes now.
Wow. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With no relaxing.
Kathy Robinson: Know relapses at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any history in any mental health diagnosis. History
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For you.
Kathy Robinson: Know like some PTSD from the wreck and
Kathy Robinson: Just my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Childhood trauma.
Kathy Robinson: Yeah, let's just
Kathy Robinson: Fighting in the house and step dads and step moms and things like that, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nothing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nothing or we can say
Kathy Robinson: Oh, I was gonna say no friction or
Kathy Robinson: Bipolar I've never been diagnosed with any of those mental health issues.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any past suicide attempts, or do you struggle with.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past self harm. No. Okay. And so you were just explaining a little bit about your childhood trauma, because the next question is, tell me about your, your family unit growing up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did your parents stay together where they divorced
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any addiction or mental health and your family. How many siblings do got, you know, what kind of information.
Kathy Robinson: My mom and dad divorced when I was about five
Kathy Robinson: A dad was an alcoholic. He died two and a half years ago now from
Kathy Robinson: Things that because of his alcoholism.
Kathy Robinson: And
Kathy Robinson: I have to. I have a brother and a half brother.
Kathy Robinson: And my mom is never
Kathy Robinson: She would do speed, back in the day.
Kathy Robinson: Once in a while because she drove a truck online but um she was, she can take things and set them down and done.
Kathy Robinson: She was never really a drink or smoke or anything like that.
Kathy Robinson: I got all my dad's stuff as far as addictions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get your dad's gene huh
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. Um, okay, going back a little bit further. Can you tell me how it was for you in school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you graduate. Did you have any learning disabilities. Were you bullied, you know,
Kathy Robinson: No.
Kathy Robinson: I let's see a mom said sent me down to live with my dad down south my junior year in high school and I went to school down there for about six months and then I ran away.
Kathy Robinson: And ended up coming back here to Crescent City and then staying with my mom again. I never did graduate and up to two or three years later, I went and
Kathy Robinson: Took a GED test.
Kathy Robinson: Mm hmm and got my GED. But now I was never bullied in high school or
Kathy Robinson: Know,
Kathy Robinson: Anything I was probably the hallway.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gotcha. Okay, um, any legal history.
Kathy Robinson: I, Jesus, I got a DUI in
Kathy Robinson: Montana.
Kathy Robinson: So then I moved
Kathy Robinson: To North Dakota.
Kathy Robinson: And then
Kathy Robinson: I got one there. So then I moved back to Crescent City.
Kathy Robinson: Pick I've gotten to in Crescent City. And then when I had the wreck. I was charged with one
Kathy Robinson: Other than that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Kathy Robinson: I said no drug charges.
Kathy Robinson: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have a military background.
Kathy Robinson: No.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any financial stressors for you at the moment, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me see what other questions do I need to ask you. Is there anything that you think is important that we need to know about you while you're working with us.
Kathy Robinson: Well, I just want to keep
Kathy Robinson: Keep on the path that I'm on. So staying connected to, like Dr groves and like you
Kathy Robinson: And Mike and Tony down at the clinic.
Kathy Robinson: My groups that I go to their
Kathy Robinson: Set for now with the virus.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so your plan is to continue seeing Tony as your therapist.
Kathy Robinson: Yeah, I see or twice a week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and then you'll you'll work with Dr groves for your medication assisted treatment and continue on that path with I love Dr Grubbs I work with her in some groups and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The amazing
Kathy Robinson: I think you were in my first group and then I've met I missed my one. Now I got to make it up. I think she told me the 13th.
Kathy Robinson: Of April. She's gonna try for the next one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm. Okay, yeah, um, any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: medical issues that you're dealing with right now.
Kathy Robinson: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yea,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is good right
Kathy Robinson: Right, stay healthy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and then be secluded, how are you handling the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stay at home.
Kathy Robinson: Oh, I've been busy doing masks.
Kathy Robinson: Brand kids.
Kathy Robinson: I husband and I and my mother I mailed her one
Kathy Robinson: Oh, I got some product we have property here so I stay busy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good. Definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I asked you all the questions on it on our bio psychosocial
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No medical know psychiatric history. What about addiction treatment. Have you ever been to addiction treatment in the past.
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, just the 3038 months that you've been working with Dr. Grubs in Tony
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right pretty successful
On
Kathy Robinson: When I'm done. I'm done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When that decision is made, there'll be no more. Right.
Kathy Robinson: That's right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. Okay, well, gosh, I am so sorry. Again, for how long it took me and how long you had to wait and thank you so much for being patient and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you in group on the 13th with Dr groves and any questions for me.
Kathy Robinson: That that I can think of.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Perfect. Well, you were one of the easiest bow cycle socials that I've done in a long time. So thank you for
Kathy Robinson: Sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, I will let you go, and I will see you on the 13th.
Kathy Robinson: All right, thank you. Rebecca
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay thank you Kathy and
Kathy Robinson: I bye
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye.